
This is a collection of Frequently Asked Questions pertaining to the systemburn benchmark
Please add and edit as you see fit. 

Q: What are the requirements/dependencies for building SystemBurn?
A: Basic requirements are a either a working MPI compiler or a
   working SHMEM compiler.  Additionally, the following requirements are
   plan-specific:
     Plan    Requirement
     ----------------------
     fftw*        fftw3 library
     *gemm*       C BLAS library (GSL works well here)
     *cublas      CUDA SDK
     *openclblas  OpenCL libraries from your accelerator vendor
     *openaccgemm A compiler that can handle OpenACC pragmas

Q: How many MPI ranks or SHMEM PEs should I place on each shared memory node of my system?
A: One. SystemBurn is a hybrid parallel program. MPI or SHMEM is used between nodes to
   coordinate and control operation across a cluster or MPP. However, on an individual
   node, Pthreads are used to control local parallelism and coordination. Placing more
   than one MPI rank or SHMEM PE on each node will cause problems with load placement
   and (likely) oversubscription of resources.


Q: What modules do we plan on adding in the near future? 
A: Possibly a program which can cut power to a core or slow cycles. 
   We also are interested in a 3D fast fourier transform 
   and some integer benchmarks. We wrote systemburn 
   with the future in mind. This means that adding new  
   modules is easy to do. We plan to eventually have a 
   very large selection of modules which, when combined, will have
   the ability to simulate the stress of real world HPC applications. 


Q: How does a specific set of modules get passed to the program?
A: We use a load file which is to be filled out by the
   user. This load file gives the user several general options 
   such as the ability to run the load for a set amount of time and 
   a set number of times. It also lets the user specify "subloads"
   which allows a different set of modules to be run on different 
   core sets all on the same node. In addition, the load file 
   allows the user to specify how the specific cores within a 
   core set are tied to a set of modules. This allows for greater
   control of how the modules are spread over a node. 


Q: Are you able to run different load files for different nodes or sets of nodes?
A: Currently, our solution to this problem is to create different load files
   for each different set of nodes. Systemburn can then be run on each 
   set of nodes simultaniously by submitting the jobs appropriately.  


Q: How are the benchmarks distributed to the machine? 
A: We are using pthreads to hand off different modules to different
   parts of an individual node. We have the ability to assign modules
   to individual cores, as well as a specific block of cores.


Q: What other types of threads are you using in systemburn?
A: We have a designated thread which is in charge of scheduling jobs
   and reporting any errors, flags, which occur during this process. 
   We also have a monitor thread which will be used to monitor the
   temperatures of the nodes within the system. We will also include 
   threads to test the network, the I/O and any accelerators in the 
   system. All of the threads listed above are "unbound" in that 
   they will not be set to run on any set of cores, but will be free 
   to run on any core within the node.   


Q: If systemburn is running and the machine fails, gets over worked
   and locks up, how will I know what load pushed the machine 
   to fail?
A: We have designed a system of flags which are meant to record events
   which could lead to a software or hardware failure. These flags are
   collected periodically while a load is running and their sum values
   are reported to the terminal. We have also programmed for the current 
   load, and subload, to be printed to the terminal every time they are
   changed. 

Q: What modules must be loaded to build on a Cray XT?
A: The following are required to build:
	module purge
	module purge
	module load modules
	module load Base-opts
	module load DefApps
	module load PrgEnv-gnu
	module load xt-mpich2
	module load xt-shmem
	module load xt-asyncpe
	module load pmi
	module load atp
	module load xt-libsci
	module load fftw
	module load cudatoolkit
	module load gsl
    And these are required for git and joblaunch
	module load git
	module load moab
	module load torque

Q: The docs/html and docs/man directories are empty?
A: From systemburn's main directory, run
	doxygen Doxyfile
